I got a story to tell you as a shabby dog story.
It was long when you're talking about that record at second time in the Hollis.
I'll tell you the story. Oh, gosh ray and I Sue and Buddy took a trip to Mexico City.
It must have been 4 or 6 months september eleventh, and that's how I remember he died December 67.
So sometime in 68 We took this trip We've been talking about it for a while, flew down to Mexico City.
We think of the thing in my hotel which would mean anything fabulous.
Hotel the first night. very unhappy with our rooms we'll get down now The next morning.
Buddy. It was an early rise and he was probably up 4 o'clock, and he went down and complain of the manager.
So because it was not the accommodation we both had.
We checked in at 8 o'clock at night so in Mexico.
Well, we ended up with a corner sweet with it was so big we could have a party for 50 people, and by investing 3 bathrooms in it 2 bedrooms.
So they had, but they had an extra guest player from the big bar.
It was shirked open on 2 sides, because when everybody ever 2 h and I remember the New York Yankees were training, there should probably lose season opens in April, so probably was February and March to keep
myattle waiting for all of. I wish I much smart enough to know there baseball cards and autographs or so to $4.
But at any rate I went down there with a recorder we used to.
We had those things at the stole, Would we go out of town, particularly if we were looking at some site we were looking, which comments and talk about structure?
We had 4 5 over here and had one I things sold the time for 8 or 900, you've got a very sophisticated which of the little ones now, but this list so much weight about £15 got a pouch
like so like You've got not carried to run the only right my wife had fallen.
Love with a Mexican artist by the name of near one, forgot this first Jewish guy, his painting soul for generally $1,000, plus for a lot of money.
In the last years ago would go away else first of all I didn't like the first splash outward caution. the Marshall relative of Mexico or something, but they had his book.
We got down there, and he was all over. The place is painting for 11 months.
Percy, and we had a care driver that's going to take us to where the place where the gold was I came by one of the roughest rides, and if you ever been to Mexico city knew that ride so I'm kind of Silly
about 100 miles away. I thought we were going to die going down there an old car, anyway. but before that he took us around the city still got his car in somewhere, slam the damn doors, guy poor guy at hand. one day to get now We
had him about 3 days. One day we took him down to where we went.
Body and shoot it to go. but he took us to the ruins and a lot of stuff, you know.
I knew there, and I know now that those guys take you a particular place to get a commission.
Well, they took us this cash, too. they what took us to the scale artist, studio, and right.
He was late, and she saw painting. she liked he wanted them recall. and he's got to tell you what i'll do.
We keep the illness out you take your pain I won't get a call.
I'll take it. could not can you do this online about a $1,000 swap shit.
I thought my wife was going to help Mexico City was a in old days.
Promptly still is for this guy. He was very successful, of very prolific, but it was an art column. He knew a lot of Americans, Danny.
He was not America. a lot of Americans down there because cost of living was so cheap at the time, and these art shells everywhere.
Well, we bought a pain. Little Mexican woman still got a watermelon ahead like it.
A lot $30 for the flies, but my price range.
While I was down there we made bought a couple of other inexpensive paintings.
They collected the revolt next to $150. That was not an art.
We weren't art collectors and for the $1,000 per day for painting was unthinkable first pain.
You have bought a father in my wife jerry ray Jerry's original early early paintings, which have thoroughly in J.
He should change styles. Why, we were down there Oh, you know I've seen that somewhere before.
You know i've had that training for 35 years I guess I've never framed it really like it.
But, my father, I want to give you a painting for his heart from my office, from.
So we had a display guy at the table bin money, fashioned himself with an artist, and I said Dad took me out shop for 50 bucks just a bit.
So he got this from Jerry, and I loved it. it beautiful, and I can see a lot of color.
This fellow Leroy Niemann over here sports artists.
Not the same guy. Is this guy near? but I forgot I thought there was a connection, no connection.
There's a connection on the story. Well we looked at a lot of art in the in the parks, and there were least this pleasant weather like was sort of like what'll call the district in New York, where on Sunday you put all the
artists. Put your pains out The village, the village, although all these artists put their all ahead, must have 3 areas like that.
Parks, paintings of my God, they must be found, and most of them very inexpensive or starving artists who were down there.
Lots of Americans. Well, , we wandered around down in the area which I've forgotten.
The area that they called in Mexico City, where most of the jewelry shops are.
God name I can't have ever been back They also had a lot of hardest galleries down there, and I walked in this gallery of one of them.
We were down in 8 10 days, and I saw this near one i'd ever heard of.
You people get funny at the 19, probably 72 Olympics These art was already in collections of guys like Edward G.
Robinson's very popular hollywood he also worked prolific panel.
Blah blah blah, and I walked in, and he must have been a back.
Well, the 15 they were You walked into a studio is a gallery. He didn't live there. He didn't live in Mexico. the other began.
The Jewish full of both. Georgia just got Nearman was a Mexican national live there, forgotten his first name.
Leonard Don't hear me or something for me right Now this Guy's name was Le Roy Kneelman.
I never heard it near me, because Ray went down. And what about all those, please?
These were paintings which I saw about the size of Jill nameless there, which is a Syria graph, and we went ahead, and they were just back from Acapulco, and season was just over and He had about 1520 paintings 25
paintings, football players, horse races that's what he did.
They were about that i've been in there we're gonna look at when you struck me something I loved great, very, very distinctive style, and against the get a bit of here so many times that make you a deal you pick out any fortys you want to give
them to you. $500 shift high levels. Just do almost some bitches do on some bits of figures bought this. Look at paintings.
I'd have to find a damn thing for way traded camera for a 1,000 miles and 9 on does to find other promise.
Your God is my witness this Guy's original self he is big big he's the Premier sports artist in the world.
R. and i've never heard of it but of course the price was right for me, but I didn't buy them.
That was about 1,968 watch it of 1,972. and you've been engaged by the Olympic Committee prominent, and would not world financial He was up all
over. Got a great big bull bull moves mustache sort of at the Gemma Bullshit. remember, and his art was so distinctive, and he's sketching Jesus, that's my man motion.
7 Olympics, a hollow of the screen have told a story.
Well, of course, Simpson, one made are but they distributed, forming stage, and I'm on bailing this, and they get today 2,500 to 27, fifth for a Syria grail, of which he produces
maybe depending on the issue. These were rich promisers.
Got along with us. he was. I could have walked away with those for the next, and that's my story on a machine, that damn thing.
Of course I obviously I didn't know what I was missing it, but still $500 was a lot of money.
No, you didn't spend that much in the whole trip you know I would say.
Probably surely would have spent $500 for for novelties and things of that nature.
You know it was usual. You talk about a long time of Mexico City cheap.
Oh, man, never rise to me. We wish date of a first rate.
I district called Day a four-star hotel. But hello!
Why do we pay $20? $25 of 90, you know.
Probably probably anyhow, give my wife the store every once in a while this guy's name, because I I like this guy loving, and of course you know I've never , this one over here on the right although it side by Paul
Brian is also signed by the artist. It was done for a poster benefit was a poster.
That's just That's not a that's not what they call a Syria, where the zone of the Joe and Namath with Maliban football player.
Yes, I saw it out in San Francisco, and my laws bought that for me.
But it's a bit experienced with one of those machines. I didn't have enough judgment to to give him a machine sheet, because actually probably one like it was like computers with a year so after that that thing was so
impractical because it was heavy heavy heavy Well, it's like you Say, I gave me one for Chris is the big buy one for $60.
$80. I got one above radio shackets, or did Ray ever get to Nearman?
That would be good. but she, ned me when she got back.
Of course, I guess I haven't got it recently. but over the years I have to tell this story tonight, because I have thought about it a long time, and she'll say I told. you but you knew you were going to have to buy her.
Should I doubt about her? that thing? No, I know quite. It was no question about that.
Would have been a living with her you know i've gotten a lot better.
But in those days, you know hell! I was maybe those see 6878, just 2728 years ago I was 3839 years old, and I should have I sure. What prosperous I had my damn trip
budget, and have gone out there and script about the 15 out of the 2,000 miles for hard work.
You know my mother, who was, you know, stronger loosely.
Come back because she told sort of deducted it Oh, that's a good story, though.
Just a good start. True story. Well, of what it cost you that to replace the dog on machine, i'd had to replace it for the store, but as it was only a matter of guess a year, those things were really adequate although
we used them a lot in those values. There are recorded the whole trip, and you know things that we did.
There's a wonderful threat better than keep it a die I'm merely tried keeping a die on the china trip, and man.
It was arduous. Well, I keep a diagram. travel much lately.
I keep a dying. What a country otherwise my problem is and it's a lot easier to do it that way.
But I I keep a fire when I go out of the country.
The problem is with me, Doctor comes up too much, but someone will say something to me about someone else.
Shit up. I forgot where I went I have to look because I can't bubble.
Well, you go to so many places on a cruise particularly so many places in a short time that you get them mixed up.
Now we can't even keep our 400 straight without the diary.
Oh, yeah, Well, you know, when you get back from your trip until you make another trip, you can remember.
But haven't taken as many trips as you've taken shit they sort of run together, i'm talking about.
They do once, it would find out if they do a separate trip that you want this one for It's tough to do, and their lives a lot easier to die than you can transcribe it.
But I don't take that don't take my diary to domestic United States, and we have traveled all that much, but I have taken them first trip.
I made in 1,976 now some Mexico out of the country that I went to. we would.
I want to hear you what went to Japan go sacco which was the Texas city and Taxpayer Hong Kong, and it was like you've been, but it was for me now in education with the doors of l
boarding but fruit, a group, and it was a group of it went.
I guess it probably was a dozen I group that went group stores we've associated with.
It was an interesting trip. They're very educational still got my notes and make through the 76.
But loves God damn cards and how they get all.
Everybody. I don't get how crushed by law of all the Orientals of Japanese are so bright .
Useful catch on like that. don't really they really they work at It don't mandate the Chinese worker at it.
They're good students, you know yeah and look at these people from India.
What's good students see are some of you find doctors here, you know. we see these people groups for years all of problems.
We've got with the blacks are just reading an article Believe it was to pay for this morning New York Times yesterday.
33% for black juvenile in jail on parole.
Jill released 33 so that doesn't count I mean it got worried.
Oh, that's right absolutely in a torture I read an article within the last 3 or 4 months.
Believe i'm correct when I 12% of the black male population of the United States is, you say, how many ought to be in jail, probably that many more the point, as you're making is and they're always exceptions not to
take anything away from versus challenge. there's a lot of public register.
I don't know what his family had but I mean he's, you know we should be is come out of it by and large across the board if you're just not agitated. themselves.
Come from his background. that's the hard part to have an educated.
You see, these people come here from Taiwan, Cambodia pay Parents key, speak English.
They come over, and I speak in English, and they they excel drastically in the most difficult subjects.
I mean chemistry physics. Madison. remember one year to have our memorial on.
It was 10 or 12 years ago, 14 war, 14 public private hash tools, or 3 footpows out rubble.
It. It was a big article of $5 Victorians history proposals, 5,000 Victorians each year.
We're already able to show it could have been at that time sure, if not families in the whole damn area.
You know. you think about Jews, and the blacks and It's just like all over the I just wrote a lot from New York 10. yesterday.
I kept from my wife to read about the fact in Israel, where they have brought in 30,000. The darkness come from Ethiopia.
Oh, and 5 of those Russians, very proud of the fact that they were able to do this, a country of 5,000,000 people which would devastate most countries I mean, they 10%, the and the Ethiopians in particular in a big March last week,
because they're second-class citizens jews looked down on them, too.
They only got a They got a gun. the player situation.
They look different, and because they haven't accepted Russians too.
Well either, Although the the Russians are half percentage of Russians are cutting this article.
Scientists, doctors, engineers, mathematicians, and they educated the difficulty.
School school higher on the test in the native barnes but there's a big, There's a class differential which is a interesting I really haven't thought about it many years.
How those blacks had integrated over side society I am told I haven't seen any of the blanks. They're not like alcohol.
No no small smaller features. They are dark skinned and they looked at, and not from South Africa, but they're well-educated people on there.
A lot of lucky juice shows. Oh, yeah, I know that this fellow Goldstone, who was ahead of this International Watch Times tributal.
He was a Jewish fellow, because there was a picture of the people of the Yamaki.
You look pretty good indication. Well, you know there's there's what establishes me is and this goes back into 19.
Say donna and it's at least them or something let's go back all further.